# Time-Series-Forecasting
Time series analysis is a really popular area with a great number of applications in business, economics and finance and computer science. The time series data is used to provide visual information to the unpredictable nature of the market. Analysing the history, using periodic historical data to make decisions and plans on long-term forecasting. The assumptions are that the past pattern will continue in the future. In today’s organizations, all requirements of the business sector need accurate and practical reading into the future. Time series forecasting is becoming really crucial because it is a sign of the survival of business in the world. The forecast is an assumption of future values of the target variable. The forecast plays a significant role in finding the relationships between the audience and the TV series.  The time series is a consecutive set of data points, measured typically over successive times. In mathematical form time series forecasting is a set of vectors x(t),t = 0,1,2,... where t represents the time elapsed. The variable x (t) is treated as a random variable. The measurements taken during time series are arranged in proper order. There are different types of time series data. If a time series contains a single variable it is called univariate. But if records of more than one variable are considered; it is termed as multivariate. Time series can be known as continuous if the observations are measured at every point of time, whereas a discrete time series has an observation measured at every instance of time. In a discrete time series the consecutive observations are recorded at equally spaced time intervals such as hourly, daily, weekly, monthly or yearly time separations.  The potent aim of the time series analysis is to study the historical path of the data and to build a model to analyse data and to predict the future values of the time series. Time series forecasting is to build a model with the best possible accuracy and effectiveness. 
